The theme of this escape room is "Scientific Spy".
The goal is to get sensitive information from the computer and break out of the lab.


Location 1: The Computer Hub 
The player is a spy and their assignment is to get information from the computer.
The room is small and dark, with the only light coming from the glow of the computer lock screens on the north wall. 
There is one exit, to the south of the room the leads to the lab, and on the east and west walls there are file cabinets, each has two drawers.

Upon closer inspection, the player sees that the computer lock screens say "Password Hint : shift file info by 5"

In the first drawer of the file cabinet on the left, there is a paper that says "#4 fwx"
In the second drawer of the file cabinet on the left, there is a paper that says "#2 ru"
In the first drawer of the file cabinet on the right, there is a paper that says "#1 nq"
In the second drawer of the file cabinet on the left, there is a paper that says "#3 hj" and there is a flash drive.

The player is able to plug the flash drive into the computer.

The computer unlocks with the password "ilovecats" and downloads the information to the flash drive. 


Room 2: The Lab 

The lab is pristine with white tables and a poster hung on the wall. There is a large metal door to the south of the room. 

Upon inspecting the users sees tht the poster reads "Beware, Chemicals Can BURN" 

Everything is metal except for wooden beams that keep the door locked shut. 

On the middle table there are beakers of chemicals each labeled with their respective chemical names.
The chemicals include Oxygen, Boron, Hydrogen, Uranium, Flourine, Radon, 

On the table there is also a periodic table. Upon inspecting you can see that :
"Oxygen = O, Boron = B, Hydrogen = H, Uranium = U, Flourine = F, Radon = "Rn"

To esscape the room, the player must put each of the chemicals, Boron, Uranium and Radon on the wood beams to burn them and unlock the door. 


Room 3: The Hallway 
A long dark hallway.

You hear a booming voice from the ceiling, asking "What was the last chemical needed to escape?"

If the player answers "Radon" one of the ceiling tiles is lifted and a harness is dropped down for them to put on and be lifted away. 


Win Message:
You made it out of the lab with the information and without being caught! You win!
